---
layout: post
category: hoops
title: Crafting A Hoop
color: teal
---

My guide is thorough, I didn't want to cause someone to make an ugly hoop!

Materials:
Polypro tubing - Home Depot
Internal coupler - Home Depot
Pipe cutter - Home Depot
Electrical tape - Home Depot
Gaffers tape (grip tape)  - Sam Flax, Identi-tape.com
Duct tape OR Fancy* shiny tape - Identi-tape.com
Boiling water

*Optional, but highly recommended for best results! 

Instructions:
1) Measuring the appropriate circumference for your hoop is an important step to ensure that you will be able to get the most out of your hooping experience. Smaller hoops require more momentum to keep up so they aren't ideal for beginners. To figure out your size pull some of your tubing out and make rough hoop shape. Then hold that shape up to your body and give it enough slack the potential ends meet right at your belly button.

Basing the measurement just off of height doesn't account for all body types. If you are relatively short and have a bit of a tummy then and add a couple inches to that measurement! Waist to height ratios differ for everyone.

2) After measuring your tube take your pipe cutter and slice that sucker off of the roll. Watch out for your fingers, those cutters are freaking scary...

3) Bring a pot water to a boil. It doesn't matter exactly how much as long as you can submerge about four inches of tubing in it.

4) Have your internal coupler within reach of your water for the next step.

5) Submerge either end of the tubing about four inches into the boiling water and hold it there for 30 seconds. Remove the end and immediately push the internal coupler inside as far as it will go. There should be an evident stopping point in the middle of the coupler where the other end of the tubing will go. 

6) Rinse and repeat for the other end. Submerge for 30 seconds, remove from the water, and bend your ends together and insert the coupler into the other end of the hoop to form a wonky circle.

7) NOTE: Your hoop might not look like a perfect circle! If it does then you're a master hoop crafter. To even it out let it sit until the tubing is cool to touch, and then start hooping with it. The bare tubing and not-quite-round shape will feel very awkward at first but keep at it. The harder you spin it the faster it will take to morph into a circle. You can do this for as long as you want to. I usually hoop for about ten minutes before I get impatient and tape it up and all my hoops turned out just fine... :) 

8) Taping is the only complicated part of this process, but just follow closely and you'll understand! You will tape your hoop all the way around a total of FOUR times to create the swirl. For the sake of brevity I am going to refer to your duct tape or fancy tape as just duct tape from here on out. 

First, sit down on a chair or couch and hold your hoop in between your knees. 

The duct tape layer comes first because the edges of duct tape, and most fancy tapes, tend to come up if the edges are not sealed down by a different type of tape. Unravel a couple inches of duct tape from your roll and hold it at an angle across the hoop and gently press it down. Continue unravelling your tape by bringing it around the back of the hoop, and to the front again moving down at the same angle all the way around the hoop. Make sure it's staying creased down the back as well. Take care to NOT tug on the tape and mess up your angle! It should be apparent down the side of your hoop if they are different. If you deviate a tiny bit don't fret too much but try and keep it consistent. It's a painstaking but oddly hypnotizing process.

When you make it around to where you started you might notice that your ending position doesn't line up with where you started... Sad. :( Try and pull it over as close as possible so they meet. If it's about a centimeter away that's fine. Any more than I would consider retaping the entire hoop. It's important that the first layer of tape is as close to perfect as possible because it acts as a base for the other layers.

Next we have to seal down the edges of the duct tape with electrical tape. In order to completely seal the duct tape edges you have to apply two layers on the top edge, and the bottom edge. Start from any spot on your hoop, it does not have to be where you started the duct tape. Line up your electrical tape with the same angle as your duct tape and cover the top edge of the duct tape by about half a centimeter and begin unraveling. Follow only the edge of the duct tape you are sealing down! Do not accidentally start taping the bottom edge if you started with the top. When your ends meet cut it and seal the other edge of the duct tape the same way. 

Since we are sealing the last layer with grip tape, the electrical tape job doesn't have to be perfect as long as the edges of the duct tape are evenly covered, and the same amount of duct tape is exposed between each layer. Simply line up your gaffers tape with any part that is exposed and continue the angle. This part is the most forgiving because you can see exactly which parts of the hoop are left to cover. When your ends meet, cut it!

Enjoy your new hoop!